# 100名人

  Muhammad (570-632) 
    - Only man in history who was supremely successful on both the religious and secular levels 
    - In 622, fearing for safety, fled to Medina (this flight is called Hegira), and gain much more support 
    - He is the author of the Koran, a collection of Muhammad’s statements 
    - Also a military and political leader of Arab. 
     
    Isaac Newton (1642-1727) 
    - born on Christmas day, same year when Galileo died 
    - didn’t publish his discovery until late 
     
    Jesus Christ (6 B.C. – 30 A.D.) 
    - St. Paul was the author of a considerable portion of the New Testament 
    - Most info about Jesus’s life is uncertain, including his original name, year of birth and death 
    - He left no writing behind, virtually all info about him comes from New Testament 
    - Unlike Muhammad, who exercised political as well as religious authority, Jesus had virtually no influence on political developments during his own lifetime, or during the succeeding century. Jesus made his influence felt entirely as an ethical and spiritual leader. 
     
    Buddha (563 B.C. – 483 B.C.) 
    - Original name was Prince Siddhartha (悉达多) 
    - Son of a King ruling in Kapilavastu (迦吡罗卫国), a city in India, near the border of Nepal. 
    - Himself was born in Lumbini (蓝毗尼), within the present border of Nepal. 
    - At first the new religion spread slowly, in 3rd century B.C., Asoka’s support help Buddhism spread to neighboring countries. 
    - Within India itself, the new faith started to decline after about 500, and almost vanished after 1200. In China and Japan, on the other hand, Buddhism remained a major religion. 
    - His words were not written down until several centuries after his death. --> Split to two sects. Theravada (小乘佛教), dominant in southern Asia, considered by most Western scholars as the one closer to the Buddha’s original teaching; Mahayana (大乘佛教), dominant in China and northern Asia. 
    - One reason that Buddhism died out in India is that Hinduism absorbed many of its ideas and principles. In China, many people who don’t call them Buddhists have been strongly influenced by Buddhist philosophy. 
    - Different from Christianity or Islam, has very strong pacifist elements. 
    - It has often been said that if Christ were to return to earth, he would be shocked at many of the things which have been done in his name, and horrified at the bloody fights between different sects of persons who call themselves his followers. 
     
    Confucius (551 B.C. – 479 B.C.) 
    - He is not a founder of a religion. He rarely referred to Deity, refused to discuss the afterlife, and avoid all forms of metaphysical speculation. He was basically a secular philosopher, interested in personal and political conduct. 
    - Judged on the basis of its ability to maintain internal peace and prosperity, China, for a period of two thousand years, was on the average the best-governed region on earth 
    St. Paul (Saul) (4 A.D. – 64 A.D.) 
    - Roman citizen, Jewish birth 
    - Study in Jerusalem under Rabbi Gamaliel (迦玛列), an eminent Jewish teacher. Though Paul was in Jerusalem at the same time as Jesus, it is doubtable whether the two men ever met. 
    - First he is an opponent to Christianity, then turned to be the most influential proponent, because he had a vision in which Jesus spoke to him. 
    - Arrested in Jerusalem after long missionary trip, then sent to Rome and executed. 
    - Never married, never had sex. 
    - Transformed Christianity form a Jewish sect into a world religion. 
     
    Ts’ai Lun (~105 A.D.) 
    - He was a eunuch. 
    - For long time, Chinese kept the technique of papermaking a secret. In 751, however, some Chinese papermakers were captured by the Arabs [Symbol] no long afterwards paper was being manufactured in both Samarkand (撒尔马罕) and Baghdad (伊拉克首都) [Symbol] in the 12th century the Europe learned the art from the Arabs. 
    - Before paper, China used bamboo; west used parchment (羊皮纸) and vellum (牛皮纸); Greeks, Romans, Egyptians used papyrus. 
     
    Johann Gutenberg (古腾堡) (1400 – 1468, German) 
    - Inventor of printing: developed the first method of utilizing movable type and the printing press in such a way that a large variety of written material could be printed with speed and accuracy. 
    - Before his method: Block printing. It makes possible the production of many copies of a given book. However, impractical for producing large variety of books. 
     
    Christopher Columbus (1451 – 1506, Italy) 
    - persuaded Queen Isabella I of Castile (卡斯提尔，西班牙古国) to finance his voyage of exploration. 
    - Discovered continent of America in 1492. 
    - He was exceptionally avaricious; he treated the Indians with shocking cruelty. 
     
    Albert Einstein (1879 – 1955, Germany) 
    - became Swiss citizen in 1900.  
    - He was Jewish, his situation became precarious when Hitler rose to power [Symbol] in 1933 moved to Princeton, New Jersey; in 1940 became American citizen. 
    - He was a consistent opponent to political tyranny, an ardent pacifist, and a firm supporter of Zionism. (犹太复国主义；锡安运动) 
     
    Louis Pasteur  

## 摘抄 
  Muhammad (570-632) 
    
> Only man in history who was supremely successful on both the religious and secular levels 
    
> In 622, fearing for safety, fled to Medina (this flight is called Hegira), and gain much more support 
    
> He is the author of the Koran, a collection of Muhammad’s statements 
    
> Also a military and political leader of Arab. 
     
    Isaac Newton (1642-1727) 
    
> born on Christmas day, same year when Galileo died 
    
> didn’t publish his discovery until late 
     
    Jesus Christ (6 B.C. – 30 A.D.) 
    
> St. Paul was the author of a considerable portion of the New Testament 
    
> Most info about Jesus’s life is uncertain, including his original name, year of birth and death 
    
> He left no writing behind, virtually all info about him comes from New Testament 
    
> Unlike Muhammad, who exercised political as well as religious authority, Jesus had virtually no influence on political developments during his own lifetime, or during the succeeding century. Jesus made his influence felt entirely as an ethical and spiritual leader. 
     
    Buddha (563 B.C. – 483 B.C.) 
    
> Original name was Prince Siddhartha (悉达多) 
    
> Son of a King ruling in Kapilavastu (迦吡罗卫国), a city in India, near the border of Nepal. 
    
> Himself was born in Lumbini (蓝毗尼), within the present border of Nepal. 
    
> At first the new religion spread slowly, in 3rd century B.C., Asoka’s support help Buddhism spread to neighboring countries. 
    
> Within India itself, the new faith started to decline after about 500, and almost vanished after 1200. In China and Japan, on the other hand, Buddhism remained a major religion. 
    
> His words were not written down until several centuries after his death. --> Split to two sects. Theravada (小乘佛教), dominant in southern Asia, considered by most Western scholars as the one closer to the Buddha’s original teaching; Mahayana (大乘佛教), dominant in China and northern Asia. 
    
> One reason that Buddhism died out in India is that Hinduism absorbed many of its ideas and principles. In China, many people who don’t call them Buddhists have been strongly influenced by Buddhist philosophy. 
    
> Different from Christianity or Islam, has very strong pacifist elements. 
    
> It has often been said that if Christ were to return to earth, he would be shocked at many of the things which have been done in his name, and horrified at the bloody fights between different sects of persons who call themselves his followers. 
     
    Confucius (551 B.C. – 479 B.C.) 
    
> He is not a founder of a religion. He rarely referred to Deity, refused to discuss the afterlife, and avoid all forms of metaphysical speculation. He was basically a secular philosopher, interested in personal and political conduct. 
    
> Judged on the basis of its ability to maintain internal peace and prosperity, China, for a period of two thousand years, was on the average the best-governed region on earth 
    St. Paul (Saul) (4 A.D. – 64 A.D.) 
    
> Roman citizen, Jewish birth 
    
> Study in Jerusalem under Rabbi Gamaliel (迦玛列), an eminent Jewish teacher. Though Paul was in Jerusalem at the same time as Jesus, it is doubtable whether the two men ever met. 
    
> First he is an opponent to Christianity, then turned to be the most influential proponent, because he had a vision in which Jesus spoke to him. 
    
> Arrested in Jerusalem after long missionary trip, then sent to Rome and executed. 
    
> Never married, never had sex. 
    
> Transformed Christianity form a Jewish sect into a world religion. 
     
    Ts’ai Lun (~105 A.D.) 
    
> He was a eunuch. 
    
> For long time, Chinese kept the technique of papermaking a secret. In 751, however, some Chinese papermakers were captured by the Arabs [Symbol] no long afterwards paper was being manufactured in both Samarkand (撒尔马罕) and Baghdad (伊拉克首都) [Symbol] in the 12th century the Europe learned the art from the Arabs. 
    
> Before paper, China used bamboo; west used parchment (羊皮纸) and vellum (牛皮纸); Greeks, Romans, Egyptians used papyrus. 
     
    Johann Gutenberg (古腾堡) (1400 – 1468, German) 
    
> Inventor of printing: developed the first method of utilizing movable type and the printing press in such a way that a large variety of written material could be printed with speed and accuracy. 
    
> Before his method: Block printing. It makes possible the production of many copies of a given book. However, impractical for producing large variety of books. 
     
    Christopher Columbus (1451 – 1506, Italy) 
    
> persuaded Queen Isabella I of Castile (卡斯提尔，西班牙古国) to finance his voyage of exploration. 
    
> Discovered continent of America in 1492. 
    
> He was exceptionally avaricious; he treated the Indians with shocking cruelty. 
     
    Albert Einstein (1879 – 1955, Germany) 
    
> became Swiss citizen in 1900.  
    
> He was Jewish, his situation became precarious when Hitler rose to power [Symbol] in 1933 moved to Princeton, New Jersey; in 1940 became American citizen. 
    
> He was a consistent opponent to political tyranny, an ardent pacifist, and a firm supporter of Zionism. (犹太复国主义；锡安运动) 
     
    Louis Pasteur  